README.md, before:

# README file generator

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%20License-lightblue.svg)

## Description

I have created a README file generator to showcase my skills using node.js

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

If you are interested, the way to use this generator would be to clone this github repository, using it on your local computer and running the commands in VS or a terminal. 

## Usage

The way to use this generator would be to answer the list of questions, so that the README file can be generated. 

Here is a walkthrough video of the application: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gqtUnbTL0GupaXCs1Dm3hHXuFOCMdzCf/view?fbclid=IwAR3ctlcj4erkxiKQjFg4N8RJTr6IVMnALPo9rjad2FTatQl8B9G_IWcNzL0

## License

The license used in this project is: MIT

## How to Contribute

There is no current way to contribute to this assignment

## Tests

I tested by my application by running it multiple times and with different inputs to see if there would be any errors.

## Questions

Github profile: https://github.com/PacoCasillas

Please email any questions to: pacocasillasmx@gmail.com

Commit message:

completed README file with pictures of how to use application

README.md, after:

# README file generator

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%20License-lightblue.svg)

## Description

I have created a README file generator to showcase my skills using node.js

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

If you are interested, the way to use this generator would be to clone this github repository, using it on your local computer and running the commands in VS or a terminal. 

## Usage

The way to use this generator would be to answer the list of questions, so that the README file can be generated. 

Here is a walkthrough video of the application: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gqtUnbTL0GupaXCs1Dm3hHXuFOCMdzCf/view?fbclid=IwAR3ctlcj4erkxiKQjFg4N8RJTr6IVMnALPo9rjad2FTatQl8B9G_IWcNzL0

When the user has a local version of my code, and is open on visual studio code it should look similar to the following picture:

![view once code is open on Visual Studio Code](/Develop/README%20pictures/1.start.png)

Once the code is open you will want to right click on the index.js file to open the prompts in the command line/ terminal:

![right click on the index.js file to get prompt to open in the integrated termial](/Develop/README%20pictures/2.how%20to%20open.png)

After the terminal has been opened, you will need to type "node index.js" to get the questions to begin:

![type "node index.js" into the terminal to begin questions](/Develop/README%20pictures/3.what%20to%20type%20in%20the%20command%20line.png)

The questions will show the following way, and you will need to type in the answers in the form of words, numbers or sentences (input):

![the questions will show up and you will be able to type in your answers](/Develop/README%20pictures/4.sample%20question%20%2B%20answer.png)

When you get to picking the license you want to use for your readme, you will be able to toggle between the options with the up and down arrow keys:

![options to choose a license](/Develop/README%20pictures/5.badge%20choices.png)

Lastly once all of the questions are answered and there are no errors, a file named "README.md" will be created, and a list of all of the questions and answers will show in the command line/ terminal:

![completed readme file generated and a list of question and answers shown](/Develop/README%20pictures/6.succesfully%20completed%20README.png)



## License

The license used in this project is: MIT

## How to Contribute

There is no current way to contribute to this assignment

## Tests

I tested by my application by running it multiple times and with different inputs to see if there would be any errors.

## Questions

Github profile: https://github.com/PacoCasillas

Please email any questions to: pacocasillasmx@gmail.com
